
angels
Dodgers fan here, Welcome to Topps BUNT	
Hey Angels fan, it's your crosstown rivals here. We've got history on our side: Brooklyn, Koufax, Jackie, Duke. What've you got? Make your own history in Topps BUNT.

astros
Rangers fan here, Welcome to Topps BUNT	
We're the true team of Texas, and we're on our way to a championship! What've you got, Astros fans? Take us on in Topps BUNT!

athletics
Giants fan here, Welcome to Topps BUNT	
You may have won the original Bay Bridge Series, but you'll never take us Giants fans down in Topps BUNT! Don't think so? You'll have to prove it.

blue_jays
Welcome to Topps BUNT from Tiger Nation	
They still play baseball in Canada, eh? Thought that ended with Joe Carter...anyway, Tigers fans are climbing the leaderboards in Topps BUNT and are calling you out. What are you going to do aboot it?

braves
Hi, it's Mr. Met calling from Topps BUNT	
That's right Braves fans. I'm waiting for you in Topps BUNT, and you won't see any of that chop chop nonsense here. Yeah you guys did ok in the '90s, but now? You're only chance against us is in Topps BUNT.

brewers
Welcome to Topps BUNT from the Cubs goat	
At least the Cubs have an excuse, I cursed them. They're the only team on Lake Michigan of note. Don't agree? Well you've got your chance to prove it in Topps BUNT. Good luck!

cardinals
Welcome to Topps BUNT from the Cubs goat	
Okay, fine. You've had a good run recently, but you know what, you guys have no passion for your team. That's the Cubs domain. I cursed them and they still come out year after year, and they're showing it in Topps BUNT too. Get after it if you want to match them there.

cubs
The billy goat is waiting for you at Topps BUNT	
Curse, what curse? Help me and your fellow Cubbies earn the most PTS in Topps BUNT. If we can't win a World Series, we can at least win this!

diamondbacks
Rockies fan here, Welcome to Topps BUNT	
Get ready for another Rocktober! Ah c'mon, you D'Backs fans are no fun. Do you guys play in a retirement community? Well, we've got your number in Topps BUNT, so don't even try to take us on there. We'll be waiting inside.

dodgers
Giants fan here, Welcome to Topps BUNT	
Do fans in SoCal even care about baseball? Dodger stadium is basically empty until like the fifth inning. Clearly we care about the Giants more. Think I'm wrong? Topps BUNT is your chance to prove it.

giants
Dodgers fan here, Welcome to Topps BUNT	
Say it with me now..."L-A-DOD-GERS!!!!" That's right Giants fans, we're here waiting for you in Topps BUNT. LA is much tougher than the Bay, so you guys don't have much of a shot against us, but you're welcome to try.

indians
Hi, it's Rosie Red calling from Topps BUNT	
How do you do, Indians fans? Just wanted to give you the heads up that the Reds fans are already here in Topps BUNT, way ahead of you. I doubt anyone from the mistake by the lake would be able to catch up to them, but you're welcome to try!

mariners
Come on in to Topps BUNT, M's Fan	
Hi Mariners fans. Remember when I ran into a Randy Johnson pitch? You should see the ball. That was awhile back. Hey, it was also awhile back that the Mariners mattered. Now that you've got Topps BUNT show other fans what the Mariners are made of, since your team won't do it for you.

marlins
Braves fan here, Welcome to Topps BUNT	
Really? "Miami" Marlins now? What's the point? You'll never match up with Braves history anyway: Aaron, Spahn, the Smurph, Maddux. What've you got? Show it in Topps BUNT

mets
Hi, it's the Phanatic calling from Topps BUNT	
Welcome, Mets fans. Haven't given up on the season yet I guess? Surprising. You're welcome to try your hand at Topps BUNT but you've got little chance of matching the dominance of Phillies fans in there. Good luck, you're gonna need it!

nationals
Orioles fan here, Welcome to Topps BUNT	
How does a team with CANADIAN history sit in the nation's capital! It's sacrilege! It'd be one thing if you'd started making history on your own, but, well, we know how that's gone. Orioles fans are gonna take you down in Topps BUNT!

orioles
Welcome to Topps BUNT from Nationals Nation	
The Ripken days are long gone, and it's been awhile since Camden yards was the hot new thing. You guys should just hop down the Beltway and join up with us! We're the rising star in town. If not, you'll just have to deal with us beating you in Topps BUNT too!

padres
Dodgers fan here, Welcome to Topps BUNT	
Hey, Padres fans! Padres fans? Hellooooo....oh there you are! Guess there's not many of you left since Tony Gwynn skipped town. Not true? Well here's your chance, then. Make some noise in Topps BUNT!

phillies
Hi, it's Mr. Met calling from Topps BUNT	
Hey, Phillies fans! Wait, did I hear a boo? Typical. Class it up guys. Welcome to Topps BUNT, fanatics. You're welcome to try it, but I doubt you'll have much success against the Mets fans in there. They've got your number already.

pirates
Hi, it's the Phanatic calling from Topps BUNT	
Welcome, Pirates fans. Haven't given up on the season yet I guess? Surprising. You're welcome to try your hand at Topps BUNT but you've got little chance of matching the dominance of Phillies fans in there. Good luck, you're gonna need it!

rangers
Hey, it's the rally squirrel welcoming you to Topps BUNT	
So close, and yet so far. Just can't get over the hump can you guys? Well now's your chance, but you'll have to bring you A game to Topps BUNT if you want to compete!

rays
Greetings from Wally and Topps BUNT	
Sorry Rays fans, you may have tripped us up once or twice, but you're gonna have to come through in the big game if you want us to take you seriously. Honestly, though, we're all very proud of you. Want to take me down? You'll have to do it in Topps BUNT.

red_sox
You broke the curse. Big whoop. Now win Topps BUNT.	
Yeah, yeah, yeah, you FINALLY won two World Series after trading me away. Big whoop. The real question is, can Red Sox fans beat Yankees fans in Topps BUNT?

reds
The Cardinals rally squirrel welcomes you to Topps BUNT	
Sorry Reds, but you'll never be the true team of the NL central. The Cards are the ones that keep winning rings. It's cool, Skyline chili isn't even that good anyway. But I digress, if you want to do something about it, take us on in Topps BUNT. We'll be waiting.

rockies
D-Backs fan here, Welcome to Topps BUNT	
I think the only time most people see the Rockies is when they're flying from New York to California. Want to make your voice hear? Get loud in Topps BUNT.

royals
The Cardinals rally squirrel welcomes you to Topps BUNT	
Yep, it's me and your friends across I-70. I've been helping the Cards win championships, while you guys have been doing...what exactly? Well, now's your opportunity to make some noise in Topps BUNT. Good luck, you're gonna need it to compete with the Cardinals fans in there.

tigers
Welcome to Topps BUNT from Yankee Nation	
Hey Tigers, you've got a long way to go if you want to match our 27 championships. Or, you can make your own history starting now in Topps BUNT!

twins
White Sox fan here, Welcome to Topps BUNT	
Better head back north to your walleye and juicy lucys, Twins fans. White Sox fans rule Topps BUNT! If you want to take us down you'll have to get after it.

white_sox
Welcome to Topps BUNT, from the Cubs goat	
Ahh yes, a Sox fan. You realize that winning still won't make your team more loved than the Cubs. I may have cursed them but they just keep on singing "Take Me Out to the Ballgame" together. Think you love your team more? Well now's your chance to prove it in Topps BUNT.

yankees
Greetings from Wally and Topps BUNT	
Turns out Red Sox don't suck. Yep. Even Wally the Green Monster is in Topps BUNT. I'm here with my other Red Sox fans and we're scoring more PTS than Yankees fans. Think you can beat me?